Privacy Policy

Flazbit is committed to protecting your Personal Information when you use our website, products and services.
We will collect your personal data including:
1.	Full name
2.	Email Address
3.	Online game account identifiers

We will use your personal information for a number of purposes including:
1.	To provide our services, activities or online content, or communicating information about promotions or dealing with your requests and enquiries.
2.	To personalize your experience and provide you with better ways of accessing information from this website.
3.	For service administration, which means that we may contact you for reasons related to the service, activity or online content you have signed up for.

We collect and use the Personal Information about you for the purposes described above based on your consent and, because we have a legitimate business interest to do so that is not overridden by your right to have your Personal Information adequately protected. You do not have to provide us with any of the Personal Information described above, but if you chose not to do so, you may not be able to receive certain Company services, access certain parts of our website or receive information from us that you have requested.

To fully access the website, you, as a user, may voluntarily register for an account by completing a registration form. Certain data is collected during this process, including your name and email address. This data is used to contact you, suggest appropriate products and services, and improve your user experience. By registering for an account, you have consented to our processing of your data.

We may process your personal data for marketing purposes to keep you up to date with the latest products, services and promotions we have to offer.  You may receive marketing communications from us if you have signed up to receive our newsletters, purchased products or services from us, or registered to any promotions we offer, and in each case, you have not opted-out of receiving those communications.

If you no longer want to receive marketing communications from us, you can contact us at any time using the contact details below or by following the unsubscribe links in our marketing communications.  If you opt-out of receiving marketing communications we may still process your personal data in order to fulfil contracts with you and in accordance with our legal, accounting and regulatory obligations.

We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data outside of our company for marketing purposes.

We will only retain personal data for the duration necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. Personal data may also be retained for longer periods if it is solely for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes, or statistical purposes.

Your Personal Data will be retained for as long as is necessary to fulfil or complete the purpose for which it was collected and until it is no longer necessary for any other legal or business purposes. Thereafter, we dispose of your Personal Data in a manner that prevents further access or processing, including but not limited to deletion or irreversible anonymization.

We are committed to protect your Personal Data with our best effort. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage over the Internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. Nonetheless, we have adopted and currently practice administrative, organizational, technical, and physical security measures to protect your Personal Data to the best of our reasonable capacity, including but not limited to the following:

1.	Limiting Personal Data access to authorized
2.	Implementing technical solutions to ensure information security
3.	Continuous monitoring and review of Personal Data protection measures
4.	Other security measures.

For any questions, concerns, or requests to exercise your rights outlined in this privacy policy, please contact us